Monochromatic marker skull with brightly colored gel pen eyes that are winking with a lime green background with colored splotches.

Digitally painted purple haired woman with teal rain jacket with a hazy grey background with streaky texture and transparent strokes.

Digitally painted grey organic stacked shaded shapes with black and white contour lines and blue shaded background with light outline.

Digitally painted high contrast monochromatic sketched face emerging from blurry scribbled smudged charcoal cloud with solid opaque bright red background.

Greyscale hand catching geometric mesh net pattern falling to the bottom done in marker and pen with blue solid background.

Large elongated human figure with extended forehead and small wavy human figure in pen with purple solid background and shadows.

The number one containing a human woman drawn with red ink and black pen with wavy grey background in pencil.

Human hand and skeleton hand holding silhouette heads done in watercolor with pastel yellow background with monochromatic shading on figures.

Self portrait with many eyes on forehead and floating eyes in background with vibrant colors done in pencil and marker.

Pencil face done in neutral color with contours emerging from features and expanding in increasingly vibrant tones with blue background.

Blue ballpoint portrait of person with anguished face and elongated body and neck, with background of gestural lines and squiggles.

Pastel human with hole in brain containing two diverging paths across void with one humanoid figure walking along each path.

Blue ballpoint pen person typing on computer wearing a hoodie on bench typing with red rays emitting from the screen.

Self portrait in blue ballpoint pen with surrounding emotive humanoid faces connected in network through red pen lines with arrows.

Red square boxes portals leading to partial human faces and spirals towards centers. Monochromatic pencil work with shaded graphite background.

Line drawing of blank humanoid figures in various states of motion walking and running in groups around blank blue background.

Blue contour line human figure wearing boxy warm toned shirt. Background of wavy blue atmosphere contours and yellow halo contours.

Monochromatic self portrait in motorcycle jacket with blue lightning stemming from the brain, and blue flames engulfing the upper body.

